>> Steve Kinney: Another
really interesting one is,
actually let's go over to Electron docs.
>> Steve Kinney: There is a built in role,
that we can use because you certainly
do not want to implement your own version
of copy or paste or select all, right?
These work in just general text areas,
in Chrome, there's no reason why
you should have to write your own.
So for some of these operating
system level features,
these roles, you basically say,
hey I wanna create this menu item.
And if it is one of these
kind of like built in things,
you can go ahead and use that role.
An electron we'll call the native
OS ability to do that thing.
So you can see there's a role for
quit, that's interesting.
There is an entire edit menu.
The entire window menu.
There's one for closing a window,
minimizing, all of these right here.
Paste and match style, which I think was
not in the default menu, select all, so
on and so forth.
So you can put these menu
items where ever you want.
You can give them their own hotkeys,
everything along those lines.
Let's actually try that with the quit, so
instead of this, we'll actually say role,
>> Steve Kinney: Quit, quite, quit.
And here we'll actually say, role about.
And just for our Windows, let's say,
let's add one more,
we'll add it to the file menu.
For now, say label, we'll go with Copy.
>> Steve Kinney: The role copy, all right.
>> Steve Kinney: Then
now we can close this.
You could also put the quit
menu on file if you wanted to.
So, actually gave us dictation and
emotions and
symbols as well we had copy in there,
those are usually in the edit menu.
You can see that with the quit,
it actually give us the command q as well.
It just basically did everything you would
normally expect, it's just a shortcut of
what you would normally expect the
operating system to do, with a quit menu.
About, actually, in Mac OS,
we'll pull up this little about.
>> Steve Kinney: It can take some text.
>> Steve Kinney: Manually select all,
go to copy, paste it in, and
I have some text.
So you can start of like reimplement
some of the menus in this case.